https://www.cars.com/
CARS is uniting media, solutions and data to drive efficiency for consumers, dealer customers and major automotive manufacturers.
Our brands (Cars.com, Dealer Inspire, DealerRater) create “car chemistry” by connecting buyers and sellers, matching people with their perfect car, and inspiring a better shopping, selling and buying experience. We are leaders in innovation who thrive on change.
We believe in "career chemistry" and match our employees’ passions with opportunities to push the boundaries in the automotive and tech industries together. Our tech is nothing without our team of creative, passionate people who are putting the pedal to the metal every day to reinvent the car shopping experience.

https://modesens.com/
ModeSens is your digital shopping assistant for the smart and informed.
Established in 2015, ModeSens is led by a team of industry experts who developed a solution to the disconnected and crowded online shopping experience. Product information was scattered, and shopping required too much research to make an informed purchase.
The result was an advanced platform that connects information to shoppers seamlessly for a secure and efficient experience — one that is wholly unique to our customers. With our patented technology, aggregation model and trusted merchant relationships, our platform pulls from the racks of luxury multi-brand retailers and flagship fashion houses to connect consumers with their favorite pieces.
Our growing partnerships with 400+ global merchants and 51,751 luxury brands provide us with the trusted resources and the right capabilities to act as the reliable digital shopping assistant. ModeSens gives consumers a clear and easy route to the right product information at the right time, so they can choose from where and when to buy.
At ModeSens, we believe in the beauty of discovery, and we aim to create a community of like-minded individuals who are inspired by fashion and driven by technology, just like us.

https://pitchbook.com/
PitchBook is a financial data and software company with offices in London, New York, San Francisco and Seattle. Serving clients in 19 languages, we provide thousands of global business professionals with comprehensive data on the private and public markets to help them discover and execute opportunities with confidence.

https://www.verywellfamily.com/
Welcome to Verywell Family, an award-winning resource for reliable, compassionate, and up-to-date information on the pregnancy and parenting topics that matter most to you.
We are dedicated to empowering you with the best answers to your most pressing questions when it comes to fertility and planning for pregnancy, caring for a newborn, and navigating the complex stages of parenting.
For more than 20 years, we’ve worked hard to create and refine our curated library of comprehensive and trustworthy information. Our team of writers and editors are industry experts, including healthcare professionals and credible journalists, who write and continually update our 5,500+ article library. 
The Verywell Family Review Board includes board-certified physicians and family health experts who vet our articles. They join us on our mission to be a reliable resource for pregnancy and parenting advice.

https://colors-newyork.com/
Welcome to the colors-newyork.com.
Our mission is to help put current events into historical perspective.
Colors-newyork.com is an information platform of published content. It cannot respond to inquiries seeking research support, advice, or guidance on conducting further research on topics featured on this site.
This includes any additional information regarding the publication and editorial history of the content or its authors. If there is a specific author to cite, it will be prominently displayed.

https://archiveofourown.org/
On Archive of Our Own (AO3), users can make profiles, create works and other Content, post comments, give Kudos, create Collections and Bookmarks, participate in Challenges, import works, and more. Any information you publish in a comment, profile, work, or Content that you post or import onto AO3 including in summaries, notes and tags, will be accessible by the public (unless you limit access to a work only to those with AO3 Accounts), and it will be available to AO3 personnel. Be mindful when sharing personal information, including your religious or political views, health, racial background, country of origin, sexual identity and/or personal relationships. 

https://www.houstonchronicle.com/
The Houston Chronicle, one of the largest newspapers in the United States, was founded in 1901 and was acquired by Hearst in 1987. In addition to delivering in-depth coverage of local issues, the Houston Chronicle is committed to covering state, national and international news. The newspaper operates a news bureau in Washington, D.C., that provides coverage of issues of special interest to residents of Houston and Texas. As one of Texas’ largest news organizations, it publishes print and online products in English and Spanish including mobile apps and sites, direct mail, commercial print and experiential marketing programs.
In addition to the Houston Chronicle’s 825,000 daily readers and 1.4 million readers on Sunday, Chron.com is widely regarded as one of the top newspaper websites and averages nearly 95 million page views and 15 million unique visitors each month.
















